okay this is my camper it's a 1985 Gulf
Stream on the Chevy sassy 5.7 petrol
with gas tanks which obviously saves
petrol it's in fairly good condition
his English reg it has no tax or MOT
I'll give you a guy your tour inside its
double sink drawers storage space full
cooker with hob some more storage space
storage base above an extractor fan more
storage space more storage no leaks at
all if you look inside the cupboards you
see they're all dry above the cab there
is a bed which you can pull down that's
a single beds there and we got the cab
here engine underneath there
everything's in good condition
it doesn't need a good clean but
basically
it's all there it's all good there's a
few scuff marks on this chair
a coffee maker up there more storage
there's the Wardrobe there then your
storage for clothes storage underneath
there's some storage space under the bed
which that's where the water tank is as
well to clean water and then you can see
the bed
yeah it's more storage space there that
pulls down and you can put a television
there
got like a little sink which has had a
leak there and someone's put some
fiberglass in and we've got the toilet
it's a flush toilet which goes straight
into a tank which works well I didn't
like the the other one that was in there
which is like it's a bit dirty really
and this is a shower it's we've got a
good shower a good heater and also here
right next to the bed you've got a
central heating switch so if you wake up
in the morning it's cold just flick the
switch and then the central heating and
the hot air warms up it's pretty cool
where it's quite quite warm not cool
right and then you've got sent you've
got air conditioning up there which it
all functions but it doesn't blow out
cold air so I'm guessing that that
probably would need me gassing so take
you around again to have another look
see it's all not together 13,000 genuine
miles loads of paperwork I've got some
manuals on how this and that works as
well
also if you when I got this you know
part of the fun was learning how
everything works and I did ask the guy I
got it off you know if I've got a
problem can I just call you and and you
know I've had this for over 12 months
now and I I know it inside out so if you
buy this then I'm always at the end of
the phone to help you because at first
you saw I think what's all this about
right we've got turn that on 15 minutes
you got boiling hot water for the shower
plenty of more nice and hot lovely this
oh there's no battery and at the moment
so I can't show you but this tells you
when the tanks are full this tells you
the clean water level this tells you the
battery condition and then to turn the
hot water when you put the wall pump on
flick that simple
it's got fuse box and everything down
there some more storage there curtains
come across to make the bedroom separate
and private that beds above there's
pretty good that just pulls down the
seats swing round and then you've got a
single bed there all the tires are good
it drives really nice 70 miles an hour
no problem it's quite comfortable to
drive you've got a locker space there
which is quite big to put stuff in oh
also this is the fridge runs on gas
electric and 12-volt it can run on 110
and also 220 more storage space that's
under the bed and then underneath here
we have a generator with something like
six kilowatts or something there's no
leaks in it at all if you look inside
the cupboards you can see there's been
no water coming in and then of course
you've got the ladder for more storage
to put stuff at the top more storage in
there and then in that compartment is
where the gas tanks are meant to save a
lot of money on running expenses that's
it thank you very much